OpsCenter 6.8.35 Release (#134)
datastax/release-notes: OpsCenter_6.8_Release_Notes.md

# Release notes for OpsCenter

# Release Notes for OpsCenter 6.8.35

## Backup Service
* Fixed an issue with PIT restore when there is a schema mismatch. Added {{force_schema}} parameter to PIT Restore API to solve this issue. (OPSC-17486)
* Fixed the backup process to run post-backup script after the snapshot files are synchronised to the destinations (OPSC-17483)
* Fixed backup activity API memory and timeout issues using parameter {{backup_activity_query_batch_size}} configurable in {{[backup]}} section. (OPSC-17496)

## Monitoring
* Fixed an issue in diagnostic tarball generation to use {{dse client-tool}} instead of {{dsetool}} to list output for {{sparkmaster}}. Removed the deprecated {{listjt}} file. (OPSC-11798)

## Provisioning
* Added option to configure truststore location through LCM (OPSC-17395)

## UI
* Added {{Materialized View}} restoration progress in the restore dialog. (OPSC-17263)

## Core
* Fixed potential memory leak in the twisted library. (OPSC-17147)

# Release Notes for OpsCenter 6.8.34
22 Feb 2024

## Core

> * Fixed OpsCenter startup failure for customers using a separate storage cluster. Added `alert_on_no_host_available` to the `[storage_cassandra]` section of the cluster conf. When set to `true` an alert will be triggered if *opscenterd* is unable to make a cql connection to the storage cluster. (OPSC-17488)

Author: Modified this based on request from support 
https://datastax.slack.com/archives/C13QK690C/p1710918069041959

# Release notes for OpsCenter

# Release Notes for OpsCenter 6.8.35
22 Mar 2024

## Backup Service

> * Fixed an issue with PIT restore when there is a schema mismatch. Added {{force_schema}} parameter to PIT Restore API to solve this issue. (OPSC-17486)

Reviewer: `{{force_schema}}` won't render properly on GitHub markdown files. Instead, start using it with backticket (i.e. the ` character)

Author: ok

* Fixed the backup process to run post-backup script after the snapshot files are synchronised to the destinations (OPSC-17483)
* Fixed backup activity API memory and timeout issues using parameter {{backup_activity_query_batch_size}} configurable in {{[backup]}} section. (OPSC-17496)

## Monitoring
* Fixed an issue in diagnostic tarball generation to use {{dse client-tool}} instead of {{dsetool}} to list output for {{sparkmaster}}. Removed the deprecated {{listjt}} file. (OPSC-11798)

## Provisioning
* Added option to configure truststore location through LCM (OPSC-17395)

## UI
* Added {{Materialized View}} restoration progress in the restore dialog. (OPSC-17263)

## Core
* Fixed potential memory leak in the twisted library. (OPSC-17147)

# Release Notes for OpsCenter 6.8.34
22 Feb 2024

## Core

> * Fixed OpsCenter startup failure for customers using a separate storage cluster. Added `alert_on_no_host_available` to the `[storage_cassandra]` section of the cluster conf. When set to `true`  triggers a message in the backup opscenter logs if *opscenterd* is unable to make a cql connection to the storage cluster. (OPSC-17488)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed OpsCenter startup failure for customers using a separate storage cluster. Added `alert_on_no_host_available` to the `[storage_cassandra]` section of the cluster configuration. A setting of `true`  triggers a message in the backup opscenter logs when *opscenterd* is unable to make a cql connection to the storage cluster. (OPSC-17488)
```

Reviewer 2: Spelling out abbreviation and fixed grammar.
